I went to the Doctors the other day, and he said, 'Go to Bournemouth, it's great for flu'. So I went - and I got it. 
A seal walks into a club...
Went to the corner shop - bought 4 corners.
So I met this gangster who pulls up the back of people's pants, it was Wedgie Kray.
I'll tell you what I love doing more than anything: trying to pack myself in a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself.       
I tried water polo but my horse drowned.      
You see my next-door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he's a catholic converter.
I've got a friend who's fallen in love with two school bags, he's bisatchel.       
'I said to this train driver "I want to go to Paris". He said "Eurostar?" I said, "I've been on telly but I'm no Dean Martin". '    
A lorry-load of tortoises crashed into a trainload of terrapins, What a turtle disaster
Tommy Cooper's surreal non-sequiturs still raise a laugh today
I backed a horse last week at ten to one. It came in at quarter past four.    
I was having dinner with Garry Kasparov and there was a check tablecloth. It took him two hours to pass me the salt.
'Four fonts walk into a bar the barman says "Oi - get out! We don't want your type in here"  '
I'm in great mood tonight because the other day I entered a competition and I won a years supply of Marmite......... one jar.       
'I was in Tesco's and I saw this man and woman wrapped in a barcode. I said, "Are you two an item?" '   
Went to the paper shop - it had blown away.
I cleaned the attic with the wife the other day. Now I can't get the cobwebs out of her hair.
'The other day I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow. I rang her up, I said "Did you get my drift?".'
'A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says "Sorry we don't serve food in here" '
'A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, "Is this some kind of joke?"  '
Slept like a log last night........ Woke up in the fireplace.
'A jump-lead walks into a bar. The barman says "I'll serve you, but don't start anything" '
I met a Dutch girl with inflatable shoes last week, phoned her up to arrange a date but unfortunately she'd popped her clogs.     
'I rang up British Telecom, I said, "I want to report a nuisance caller", he said "Not you again".'  
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that."
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.      
'There's two fish in a tank, and one says to the other "How do you drive this thing?" '
'I saw this bloke chatting up a cheetah; I thought, "He's trying to pull a fast one". '
My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well, I was amazed, I never knew they worked. 
'I went to the doctors the other day and I said, 'Have you got anything for wind?' So he gave me a kite. '
'A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says: "Pint please, and one for the road."  '
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
Two aerials meet on a roof - fall in love - get married. The ceremony was rubbish - but the reception was brilliant.
'I said to the Gym instructor "Can you teach me to do the splits?" He said, "How flexible are you?" I said, "I can't make Tuesdays"'
'Dyslexic man walks into a bra...'
'I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it, it was a shitzu.'
